Update j2735 version to 2024 (#35)
CDOT-CV/asn1_codec: asn1c_combined/README.md

Reviewer: The `Installing asn1c` section should be updated to include the installation of dependent packages (gcc, autoconf, automake, libtool, bison, etc) using apt. Currently it takes some trial & error to get the tool installed.

Author: Added WSL instructions for installing prerequisites to README

The necessary files can be generated using the `generate-files.sh` script. This script will reference the necessary ASN.1 files from the `j2735-asn-files` directory from the specified year and generate the C code in the `generated-files` directory.

### Installing asn1c

> #### Install Prerequesites

Reviewer: Looks like a typo here: 'Prerequesites" should be 'Prerequisites'

Author: Fixed

For a WSL Ubuntu environment, install the `asn1c` prerequisites as follows:

```bash
sudo apt install build-essential automake autoconf libtool-bin bison flex
```

> #### Run the asn1c Installation Script

Reviewer: I don't think we have an installation script, just the list of commands to run

Author: Fixed

| ---- | ----------- |
| 2016 | https://www.sae.org/standards/content/j2735set_201603/ |
| 2020 | https://www.sae.org/standards/content/j2735set_202007/ |
| 2024 | https://www.sae.org/standards/content/j2735set_202409/ |

#### Patches to the J2735 ASN files

> In the 2024 set of ASN files there are a couple changes that need to be made for them to compile with the current version of asn1c.  These changes are shown in the form of `.patch` files in the `j2735-asn-files/2024/asn-edits` directory.  The `.patch` files contain only the spcific lines in the specific files that need to be changed, due to the aforementioned prohibition on redistributing the ASN files.  The patches were created whith the `diff` command line utility, and are applied automatically by the `generate-files.sh` script before it runs asn1c to compile the ASN files.  The `patch` command line in that script includes the `--forward` option, which prevents the patch from being reversed if the script is run more than onece.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the 2024 set of ASN files there are a couple changes that need to be made for them to compile with the current version of asn1c.  These changes are shown in the form of `.patch` files in the `j2735-asn-files/2024/asn-edits` directory.  The `.patch` files contain only the spcific lines in the specific files that need to be changed, due to the aforementioned prohibition on redistributing the ASN files.  The patches were created with the `diff` command line utility, and are applied automatically by the `generate-files.sh` script before it runs asn1c to compile the ASN files.  The `patch` command line in that script includes the `--forward` option, which prevents the patch from being reversed if the script is run more than once.
```
